fix: [CDS-85765]: add missing info about basic deployment using winrm (#5468)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/traditional/win-rm-tutorial.md

* Target host — In this guide, we use an AWS EC2 instance as the target host.
* Credentials and other details for the EC2 Instance 
  * To configure and authenticate your WinRM credentials by using NTLM, you should have the domain name, username and password for the EC2 instance.

> * You should have [IIS service](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/iis/application-frameworks/scenario-build-an-aspnet-website-on-iis/configuring-step-1-install-iis-and-asp-net-modules#to-install-iis-and-aspnet-modules-on-windows-server-2012-using-the-ui) as well as [IIS website](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/iis/get-started/getting-started-with-iis/create-a-web-site)  installed in your machine.

Reviewer: we need to mention that in order to use Harness provided execution strategies, IIS service should be installed.

Reviewer 2: install IIS website? Is it technically correct?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To use Harness execution strategies, make sure you should have [IIS service](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/iis/application-frameworks/scenario-build-an-aspnet-website-on-iis/configuring-step-1-install-iis-and-asp-net-modules#to-install-iis-and-aspnet-modules-on-windows-server-2012-using-the-ui) installed on your machine. Fore more information, go to the [IIS website](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/iis/get-started/getting-started-with-iis/create-a-web-site).
```
